README.md, before:

# Advanced Redmine Notifications

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Undev/redmine_reminder.png)](https://travis-ci.org/Undev/redmine_reminder)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/Undev/redmine_reminder.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Undev/redmine_reminder)

E-mail notification of issues due date you are involved in (Assignee, Author, Watcher, Custom field)

## Install

1. Copy plugin directory into #{RAILS_ROOT}/plugins.
If you are downloading the plugin directly from GitHub,
you can do so by changing into your plugin directory and issuing a command like

        git clone https://github.com/Undev/redmine_reminder

2. Run the following command to upgrade your database (make a db backup before).

        bundle exec rake redmine:plugins:migrate RAILS_ENV=production

3. Restart Redmine

You can also follow plugin installation procedure at http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins.

## Usage

The plugin runs as a rake task so you have to set it up in cron or task sheduler

1 0 * * *       root    cd /opt/redmine && rake redmine:send_reminders_all RAILS_ENV=production

You can setup options in administration menu.

![Reminder options in administration menu](https://raw.github.com/Undev/redmine_reminder/master/screenshot.png)

## Compatibility

This version supports only redmine 2.x. See [feature/1.4-compatibility](https://github.com/Undev/redmine_reminder/tree/feature/1.4-compatibility) branch for Redmine 1.4.

Commit message:

changed the whole plugin to send reminders when issues are resolved 5/10/15 days ago or when there is no action taken after 10 days in  every other status and closes resolved ones after 30 days automatically

README.md, after:

# Advanced Redmine Notifications

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Undev/redmine_reminder.png)](https://travis-ci.org/Undev/redmine_reminder)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/Undev/redmine_reminder.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Undev/redmine_reminder)

E-mail notification of issues due date you are involved in (Assignee, Author, Watcher, Custom field)

## Install

1. Copy plugin directory into #{RAILS_ROOT}/plugins.
If you are downloading the plugin directly from GitHub,
you can do so by changing into your plugin directory and issuing a command like

        git clone https://github.com/Undev/redmine_reminder

2. Change the project_id in redmine_reminder/lib/redmine_reminder/collecter.rb accordinng to the project you would like to use the plugin with

2. Run the following command to upgrade your database (make a db backup before).

        bundle exec rake redmine:plugins:migrate RAILS_ENV=production

3. Restart Redmine

You can also follow plugin installation procedure at http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins.

## Usage

The plugin runs as a rake task so you have to set it up in cron or task sheduler

1 0 * * *       root    cd /opt/redmine && rake redmine:send_reminders_all RAILS_ENV=production

## Compatibility

This version supports only redmine 2.x. See [feature/1.4-compatibility](https://github.com/Undev/redmine_reminder/tree/feature/1.4-compatibility) branch for Redmine 1.4.
